[cmake] add files allowing direct integration to Zephyr's west (#8143)
openthread/openthread: zephyr/README.md

> The OpenThread stack is integrated with ZephyrOS and nRF Connect SDK.

Reviewer: Somehow my comment was lost by GitHub... Could you please move this `README.md` to `examples/platforms/zephyr` to align with other platforms?

> The OpenThread zephyr platform https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr.
> 
> For example usage please see https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/tree/main/samples/openthread/cli.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenThread stack is integrated with ZephyrOS and nRF Connect SDK.

See the [Zephyr's OpenThread platform](https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/tree/main/modules/openthread) and [CLI example](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/tree/main/samples/openthread/cli) for more information about the integration.
```
